2-19-18
 - asked Team 4 members which applications they used for creating their software
 - for development they used: Eclipse, Scenebuilder, and Java Development Kit (JDK)

2-21-18
 - meeting began at 8:30 am in classroom, then moved to study room in LEEP2
 - team members there: Natalie, Annika, and Niels
 - Dividing of tasks:
	- Natalie: fix received program so that no events can be in the past, add ability to pick times across multiple days
	- Aldin: add ability to copy times to another day
	- Annika: add ability for allowing attendees to signup for tasks but only one attendee per task
	- Niels: add ability for adding tasks to admin mode and allowing admin to see who signs up for tasks
 - meeting adjourned at 8:48 am
 - Annika has begun taking notes over meetings
 - information about task delegation was pushed to the group message for future reference and to inform missing team member

2-23-18
 - meeting began at 9:00 am in study room in LEEP2
 - team members there: Natalie, Annika, Niels, and Aldin
 - Notes:
	- all team members are aware of their responsibilities
	- everyone needs to have downloaded Eclipse, Scenebuilder, and JDK by the time we meet again
	- make sure you can open the project and know how to edit the files using the applications
	- absolutely begin working on your tasks for the project asap
	- Annika has created a product backlog with adjustments made by group members for their tasks
 - meeting adjourned at 9:45 am

2-23-18
 - asked Team 4 members about ability to change project window view
 - team had not added ability to change project window size for other screen sizes

2-26-18
 - meeting began at 8:35 am in classroom then moved to study room in LEEP2
 - team members there: Natalie, Annika, Niels, and Aldin
 - Tasks:
	- Aldin: get your new computer asap and set up the applications on it
	- Natalie: get the applications downloaded
	- Niels: got the applications downloaded during the meeting, start working on resizing window
	- Annika: try to figure out how to get the application working within the eclipse application since you have the applications downloaded and how files work
 - meeting adjourned at 9:45 am

2-26-18
 - asked Team 4 members about gson files that we need to download
 - their github links to gson files needed were incorrect and that is why the application was not working when Annika tried to run it
 - gson files that need to be downloaded from Maven
	- gson 2.8.2
	- gson javatime serialiser 1.1.1

2-28-18
 - meeting began at 8:50 am in study room in LEEP2
 - Tasks:
	- Niels: got the window resize working, has already started working on tasks since everything is running now
	- Annika: has already started working on tasks since everything is running now
	- Natalie: gson has been added to project build path, start working on your section now that everything is running
	- Aldin: please get your computer from the mail office and set it up, wrote down every single step for configuring build path
 - meeting adjourned at 9:50 am

3-1-18
 - meeting began at 12:30 pm in laboratory room in Eaton
 - meeting is being used partially as lab section and as project meeting time
 - Tasks:
	- Niels: keep working on your tasks, Task.java is looking good; be careful about merge conflicts
	- Annika: keep working on your tasks, AcceptEvent is looking good; be careful about merge conflicts
	- Natalie: keep working on your tasks, AcceptEvent is looking good; be careful about merge conflicts
	- Aldin: downloaded software and configured build path during meeting, need to get started on your tasks
 - Aldin left at 1:05 pm with the intention to figure out lab and project by himself at home
 - meeting was adjourned at 3:00 pm

3-3-18
 - group meeting held impromptu over text
 - Aldin has texted saying that he is dropping out of the class and will not be working on his section of the project any longer
 - the rest of the group will not be getting any code from his section unfortunately
 - group of three reassembles at this news and edits modes of communication
 - Niels has been elected to send Bardas and Kurt an email about team member leaving
 - group members will complete their sections tonight and regroup 3-4-18 to determine what to do with Aldin's section

3-4-18 
 - meeting held over text
 - Niels and Annika have finished their sections of the project as of this afternoon
 - Natalie has finished her section up to group specifications with one bug
 - group had realization that one of the requirements sections was misunderstood
 - Aldin's part has been partially done by Natalie accidentally, now just need to restructure her work so that it completes both Natalie and Aldin's section
 - Annika has begun working on typing up the paper copy of meeting notes

3-5-18
 - meeting began at 8:53am in study room in LEEP2
 - group determines how to restructure the project
 - Natalie and Niels begin working on the additions to CreateEventUI.java and CalendarUI.java
 - Annika has completed the meeting log, has started typing up the paper copy of the product backlog, and is halfway done with the presentation slides and presentation speaking write-up
 - meeting adjourned at 9:58am

3-5-18
 - meeting held over google hangout
 - group has made decisions to terminate work on functionalities that are not required but were originally part of the plan for the project
 - Project has been completed
 - documentation has been run and added
 - references, meeting log, and README have been edited and added for upload
 - meeting log will be added for upload and project will be pushed to GitHub after this final statement
